Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Everyone, do you know what happened January this year?
That's right! My account was banned!
Well...
Whatever happened was still a good memory...
Even though I was innocent at that time!
"DAMN YOU, YOUTUBE!!!!"
I also thought about stuff like that
Honestly
However, as an appreciation for my hard work
Kizuna Ai has...
Started a Youtube sponsorship!!
Yay~~ I did it!
Sponsorship!
SPONSORSHIP!
♪　Sponsorship　♪
Sponsorship
SPONSOOOOOOOOORSHIP!
Sponsorshiiip
Sponsorship
The one who got picked was
Kizuna Ai
Thank you very much! Thank you very much!
Hello everyone, how are you doing?
Little head great wit
*Japanese proverb*
Kizuna Ai
A little bit earlier when Kizuna Ai-san was making a fuss about her sponsorship...
It was a bit hard to understand everything all at once right?
So that's why today's theme will be....
Youtube Sponsorship Beta mode
In a few words, Sponsorship is...
...a paid content system by YouTube
Every month, when paying a fixed amount you receive a custom badge, access to sponsor only posts.
Emoji, sponsor only chat and other benefits
To sponsor me...
First, go to the top page and either click or tap "sponsor"
Follow the instructions in the screen and input your pay method
Either click or tap "buy"
Once the purchase is completed, a welcome message will be displayed
And that is it for
How to apply as a sponsor
Now, we will talk about some warnings
Currently, the sponsorship is in beta mode
There may be problems with functionality or other unexpected problems
Also, because it is in beta...
There are many channels where this feature cannot be used
The monthly fee is also a currently fixed amount, but...
It’s possible for the fee to change at the final release
"Devices where this can be used"
Only a computer or an Android device can be used
In the event of iOS...
There are some functions allowed
But not all basic functions will be usable
That’s it
We’re sorry for the inconvenience
We kindly ask for your understanding as it is still in beta
Now, let's hear from Kizuna Ai-san
About the original benefits of sponsoring A.I.Channel
Let's hear her story
Go ahead!
Yep! Definitely!
First of all, bloopers...
I’ve done it in many videos
But it's embarrassing....
Right?
But I'll show them!
(You're a super A.I, but you make bloopers)
Next, rejected video uploads!
Well… Clearly I don't have any rejected videos, but...
I gathered the videos that weren't that high in quality
So it is possible it may come up
Well, this is also embarrassing but...
I'll show it!
And, and!
Behind the scenes of videos!
Those few minute videos to just past 10 minute ones
Definitely had some dramas when recording!
I will also show the behind scenes!
(So you can expect to see me being more useless than in my videos)
What?
Online game recording announcements
If timing allows it and we meet online
It may be possible to join in the recording
And finally, sponsor-only comment replies!
I will enjoy communicating with everyone!
Well...
* (Thank you, lastly, would you like to say a message to all your viewers?)*
"Because sponsorship just started"
"Won't A.I.Channel change then?"
* (Thank you, lastly, would you like to say a message to all your viewers?)*
I think there may be some people who are thinking along the lines of that
But A.I.Channel won't change!
Same as before, five uploads a week!
And adding A.I.Games videos
I'll be uploading everyday!
Sponsoring costs money
Even though there are probably various opinions on this
Because I've been doing my best till today...
Because everyone has been supporting me
I was able to get this chance
I want to do even better!
I'll be happy if everyone will watch over me with caring eyes
That's it! And this was Kizuna Ai!
"About Youtube Sponsorship beta mode"
Were we able to convey the message along to everyone?
Until next time with the latest A.I. news
And finally, some last words before leaving
At long last, we have finally met
*Japanese proverb*
Let's meet again until then!
Bye!
* Translated by For Ultraplayers, Lacrymac and sirrequiem *